Help!!! Geen Kitsbank in De Rust!!! Voorheen het die gemeenskap van De Rust toegang gehad tot n volledige Standard bank en twee kitsbanke naamlik een van Standard en ABSA bank in die hoofstraat.Ek is nie vertroud met die redes vir die sluiting van hierdie fasiliteite nie wat in ’n veilige omge-wing gelee was nie, maar die gemeenskap van wie baie afhanklik is van staatstoelae moet nou R70 of R80 spandeer op vervoerkoste om Oudtshoorn te besoek vir hierdie dienste, toeriste wat die dorp besoek of hier oornag vra gereeld waar om geld te onttrek? (Jammer geen kitsbank of bank is die normale antwoord!!)Een van ons inwoners het wel by Capitec bank navraag gedoen maar hulle stel nie belang nie maar het tot hede ook nie van hulle laat hoor nie?Wat nie sin maak nie is dat SBV en Q4S voertuie gereeld deur die dorp ry na naburige dorpe?Ek sal graag wil hoor van bogenoemde banke in Oudtshoorn of hulle n soortgelyke diens kan lewer vir die gemeenskap? – Andre JvR Terugvoer vanaf Standard Bank Standard Bank is committed to providing ATM services for its customers and other banking customers in De Rust. Unfortunately, we have experienced some challenges in sourcing and finding a suitable space to rent for the placement of the ATM. We do however commit to providing cash services in the form of a mobile ATM service, which will be available from January for three consecutive days a month while we source an appropriate location for the new ATM. We are very aware of the challenges facing the town with no other alternative cash services, and will endeavour to support our loyal customers in the area. We are also investigating other possibilities within the community to provide cash services. We apologise for the inconvenience. It remains our pri- vilege to serve our customers in the Western Cape.– Theunis Duvenhage Standard Bank Head of Consumer Client Coverage for the Western Cape. Terugvoer vanaf ABSA “Thank you for raising this matter with us. Absa considers many factors when it comes to the location of our bank offerings, including the placement of ATMs. One such consideration is the radius proximity to the rest of Absa’s offerings. In this particular instance, there is an Absa ATM in the nearby town of Dysselsdorp, approximately 14 kilometers away. We are committed to supporting the communities we serve, and to this end, are in the process of expanding our ‘Branch on the Move’ capability which is a mobile bank that brings banking services directly to our customers, driven by market demand. This capability enables us to take banking ser-vices to the market, at the right time, with the right proposition and we engage the community on when the mobile branch can be deployed to the town. As a reminder, Absa customers also have access to best- in-class digital banking services including Absa Online and the Absa Mobile Banking App, and can also perform cash withdrawals and deposits at major retailers.”-ABSA Spokesperson